feat(alertStatus): Add Alert Status documentation (#4820)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/alert-types.mdx

2. [Filters](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#if-conditions-filters) help control noise by triggering an alert only **If** the issue matches the specified criteria.
3. **Then**, [Actions](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#then-conditions-actions) specify what should happen when the trigger conditions are met and the filters match.

### Alert Details

> The **Alert Details** page shows you the number of times an issue alert rule was triggered over time, grouped in one hour time buckets. Clicking on the Alert Rule name on the "Alert Rules" tab, or the notification you receive will take you to this page. The page also includes details such as the alert rule conditions, the current status of the alert (Warning, Critical, or Resolved), and its details such as when it was created, last modified, and the Team that owns the alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Alert Details** page shows you the number of times an issue alert rule was triggered over time, grouped in one hour time buckets. Clicking on the alert rule name in the "Alert Rules" tab, or on the notification you receive will take you to this page. The page also includes the alert rule conditions, the current status of the alert (Warning, Critical, or Resolved), and alert details such as when it was created, when it was last modified, and the team that owns the alert.
```

> The **Alert Details** page also includes a list of issues that triggered the alert. You can see what issues caused the alert, and then open that issue's page to find more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Alert Details** page also includes a list of issues that triggered the alert. You can see which issues caused the alert and then open that issue's page to find more information.
```

> The **Alert Details** page also includes a list of issues that triggered the alert. You can see what issues caused the alert, and then open that issue's page to find more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Alert Details** page also includes a list of issues that triggered the alert. You can see what issues triggered the alert, and then open that issue's page to find more information.
```

2. [Filters](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#if-conditions-filters) help control noise by triggering an alert only **If** the issue matches the specified criteria.
3. **Then**, [Actions](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#then-conditions-actions) specify what should happen when the trigger conditions are met and the filters match.

### Alert Details

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you're interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization's Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> The **Alert Details** page shows you the number of times an issue alert rule was triggered over time, grouped in one hour time buckets. Clicking on the alert rule name in the "Alert Rules" tab, or on the notification you receive will take you to this page. The page also includes the alert rule conditions, the current status of the alert (Warning, Critical, or Resolved), and alert details such as when it was created, when it was last modified, and the team that owns the alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Alert Details** page shows you the number of times an issue alert rule was triggered over time, grouped in one hour buckets. Clicking on the alert rule name in the "Alert Rules" tab, or on the notification you receive will take you to this page. The page also includes the alert rule conditions, the current status of the alert (Warning, Critical, or Resolved), and alert details such as when it was created, when it was last modified, and the team that owns the alert.
```

![Alert details illustrates a graph showing the alerts triggered over time.](issue-alert-status-page-details.png)

> The **Alert Details** page also includes a list of issues that triggered the alert. You can see which issues triggered the alert and then open that issue's page to find more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Alert Details** page also includes a list of issues that triggered the alert. You can click on any of the issues in the list to go to that issue's details page for more information.
```
